There might be a situation that you decide that you can't really afford
college at the time or it's not an option for you for some reason.
That was my case. When I was a few months after high school, I tried
the college thing, I went for a semester I got an F in the class because
I was working two eight hour jobs and I didn't have a car. So
I just decided to drop out, and for another year I was bouncing around
different jobs it was really hard. It felt like I was lily padding
from workplace too workplace. I tried to join the military before
and I wasn't accepted because my eyesight was bad. So I tried again
and fortunately I was accepted. The difference was for me, once I joined
the military I realized that they gave me a place to sleep they
gave me free food all of my conveniences were taken care of. The only
thing that I had to do was study, then after my study period was
over then work. So the military might be an option for some of you.
Also if you have a friend that can give you a decent paying job, you
might wanna do that for a year or two while you save up some money
so that when you do go to college you can really focus on it the way
that you should instead of just trying to go by it slightly. So consider
another job if college isn't the right thing for you right now.